NEW: build scripts (#17)
mirzakhany/django_boilerplate: README.md

* [ ] ?

# How to build docker images.
 

> we have two script in `deploy/scripts` directory to make build process easier in ci/cd. but we can also use them durring development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have two scripts in `deploy/scripts` directory to make build process easier in ci/cd. but we can also use them during development.
```

> ### first of all set required variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### First of all set required variables
```

there is a file called values_sample.sh in `deploy/scripts`. rename this file and make sure to add it to .gitignore.

this file content is: 

```bash
export DOCKER_REGISTRY="index.docker.io";
export DOCKER_USER="";
export DOCKER_PASS="";

export BASE_IMAGE_REPO="mirzakhani/django_boilerplate_base";
export IMAGE_REPO="mirzakhani/django_boilerplate";
```

> `DOCKER_REGISTRY` : is to set your docker register address, default address will work for dockerhub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DOCKER_REGISTRY`: is to set your docker register address, default address will work for dockerhub.
```

> `DOCKER_USER` and `DOCKER_PASS` are used to login to your docker reqistery. !!! Again dont forget to put this file in .gitignore !!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DOCKER_USER` and `DOCKER_PASS` are used to login to your docker registry. !!! Again don't forget to put this file in .gitignore !!!
```
